feat: implement Element.waitForSelector (#7825)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

This method expects `elementHandle` to point to an [input element](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input).

#### elementHandle.waitForSelector(selector[, options])

- `selector` <[string]> A [selector] of an element to wait for
- `options` <[Object]> Optional waiting parameters
  - `visible` <[boolean]> wait for element to be present in DOM and to be visible, i.e. to not have `display: none` or `visibility: hidden` CSS properties. Defaults to `false`.
  - `hidden` <[boolean]> wait for element to not be found in the DOM or to be hidden, i.e. have `display: none` or `visibility: hidden` CSS properties. Defaults to `false`.
  - `timeout` <[number]> maximum time to wait for in milliseconds. Defaults to `30000` (30 seconds). Pass `0` to disable timeout. The default value can be changed by using the [page.setDefaultTimeout(timeout)](#pagesetdefaulttimeouttimeout) method.
- returns: <[Promise]<?[ElementHandle]>> Promise which resolves when element specified by selector string is added to DOM. Resolves to `null` if waiting for `hidden: true` and selector is not found in DOM.

> Wait for the `selector` to appear within the element. If at the moment of calling
> the method the `selector` already exists, the method will return
> immediately. If the selector doesn't appear after the `timeout` milliseconds of waiting, the function will throw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait for an element matching `selector` to appear within the `elementHandle`’s subtree. If the `selector` already matches an element at the moment of calling the method, the promise returned by the method resolves immediately. If the selector doesn’t appear after `timeout` milliseconds of waiting, the promise rejects.
```
